chore: create pubsub v3 migration guide (#30680)
googleapis/google-cloud-ruby: google-cloud-pubsub/MIGRATION_GUIDE.md

same action on a Publisher.

```ruby
# Before
pubsub = Google::Cloud::Pubsub.new project_id: project_id

topic = pubsub.topic "my-topic"

topic.publish "This is a test message."
```

```ruby
# After
pubsub = Google::Cloud::Pubsub.new project_id: project_id

publisher = pubsub.publisher "my-topic"

publisher.publish "This is a test message."
```

### Receiving Messages

Similarly, a Subscription object no longer manages receiving messages; that action is now performed by a Subscriber.

```ruby
# Before
pubsub = Google::Cloud::PubSub.new project_id: project_id

subscription = pubsub.subscription "my-topic-sub"

subscriber = subscription.listen do |received_message|
  puts "Message: #{received_message.message.data}"
  received_message.acknowledge!
end

subscriber.start

```

```ruby
# After
pubsub = Google::Cloud::PubSub.new project_id: project_id

subscriber = pubsub.subscriber "my-topic-sub"

listener = subscriber.listen do |received_message|
  puts "Message: #{received_message.message.data}"
  received_message.acknowledge!
end

listener.start
```

## Admin Plane Operations: Managing Resources

> With the removal of all hand-written resource management methods, users will now rely on using the auto-generated gRPC clients for all administrative tasks.

Reviewer: We should remain consistent with terms. We use admin mostly everywhere else, administrative is a deviation.

```suggestion
With the removal of all hand-written resource management methods, users will now rely on using the auto-generated gRPC clients for all admin plane calls.
```

The following tables provide a mapping from the v2 methods to their v3 equivalents. The methods are categorized based on their former

> class structure (`Topic`, `Subscription`, `Schema`, and `Project`) for easier reference.

Reviewer: I concur, we reference quite a few examples in the Go migration guide: https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-go/blob/main/migration.md

auto-generated clients. Using these generated clients ensures you have access to the latest
features and updates to the API.
2. Service Renaming: 
The `Publisher` and `Subscriber` services within the auto-generated layer have
been renamed to `TopicAdmin` and `SubscriptionAdmin`, respectively.
3. Restructured Publishing and Subscribing: 
To better reflect their purpose, `Publisher` and `Subscriber` objects now exclusively
handle publishing and receiving messages. These operations were formerly handled
by `Topic` and `Subscription`.
4. Auto-generated Client Exposure: 
The `TopicAdmin::Client`, `SubscriptionAdmin::Client`, and `SchemaService::Client` are now directly
accessible from the a `Google::Cloud::PubSub::Project`.

## Admin Operations

The Pub/Sub admin plane, also known as the control plane, handles the lifecycle of server-side
resources like topics, subscriptions, and schemas. This API consists of admin operations such
as creating, getting, updating, and deleting these resources.

One of the key differences between version `2.x` and `3.x` is the change to the admin API.
The handwritten methods have been removed, and the new way to make admin calls is through

> auto-generated clients. You can access them directly from a `Google::Cloud::PubSub::Project` object.

Author: Thank you! I like the suggestion a lot

# Ruby Pub/Sub V3 Migration Guide

This page summarizes the changes needed to migrate from `google-cloud-pubsub`
`v2.x` to `google-cloud-pubsub` `v3.x`.
In line with [Google's Breaking Change Policy](https://opensource.google/documentation/policies/library-breaking-change),
we plan to support the existing `v2.x` library for 12 months from the `v3.x` release,
including bug and security patches, but it will not receive new features.

Note that this is a major version bump that includes breaking changes for the
Ruby library specifically, but the Pub/Sub API itself remains the same.

## Overview

This major version update involves several significant changes to the Ruby Pub/Sub client library:

> 1. Removal of handwritten resource management APIs:

Reviewer 2: One more nit. Consider boldfacing each of these "titles" (e.g. surround each with double-asterisks for markdown). This will make the list easier to skim.

The APIs for resource management, also known as admin operations, have been replaced with
auto-generated clients. Using these generated clients ensures you have access to the latest
features and updates to the API.
2. Service Renaming: 
The `Publisher` and `Subscriber` services within the auto-generated layer have
been renamed to `TopicAdmin` and `SubscriptionAdmin`, respectively.
3. Restructured Publishing and Subscribing: 
To better reflect their purpose, `Publisher` and `Subscriber` objects now exclusively
handle publishing and receiving messages. These operations were formerly handled
by `Topic` and `Subscription`.
4. Auto-generated Client Exposure: 
The `TopicAdmin::Client`, `SubscriptionAdmin::Client`, and `SchemaService::Client` are now directly

> accessible from the a `Google::Cloud::PubSub::Project`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accessible from `Google::Cloud::PubSub::Project`.
```
